Update Platform.sh Web console and CLI usage for Ibexa Cloud (#2064)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_on_ibexa_cloud.md

Create a project and select its region.

!!! caution

>     Do not use https://console.platform.sh/ which doesn't list Ibexa Cloud projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Don't use https://console.platform.sh/ which doesn't list Ibexa Cloud projects.
```

!!! note

    `master` is the Platform.sh name for the production branch.

!!! caution

    If you want to use the [Platform.sh CLI](https://docs.platform.sh/development/cli.html), you have to set it up for Ibexa Cloud.

>     Consider using the following alias `ibexa_cloud` with the right set up instead of `platform`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Consider using the alias `ibexa_cloud` with the following set up instead of `platform`:
```
For me this sounds better.

Reviewer: It depends on the object we want to emphasize :)

Author: I don't like the word "right"…

@reithor @juskora Maybe something like the following?
```suggestion
    Consider using the following `ibexa_cloud` alias with a dedicated set up instead of `platform`:
```

>     If you want to use the [Platform.sh CLI](https://docs.platform.sh/development/cli.html), you have to set it up for Ibexa Cloud.
>     Consider using the following alias `ibexa_cloud` with the right set up instead of `platform`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use the [Platform.sh CLI](https://docs.platform.sh/development/cli.html), you have to set it up for Ibexa Cloud.
    Consider using the following alias `ibexa_cloud` with a dedicated setup instead of `platform`:
```

Reviewer: So I suggest going with this.

>     Concidere the following alias to use `ibexa_cloud` with the right set up instead of `platform`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Consider using the following alias `ibexa_cloud` with the right set up instead of `platform`:
```

    ```bash
    alias ibexa_cloud="PLATFORMSH_CLI_SESSION_ID=ibexa_cloud \
        PLATFORMSH_CLI_API_URL=https://api.cloud.ibexa.co \

>         platform"

Author: I don't see what the `PLATFORMSH_CLI_SESSION_ID` is for.

`PLATFORMSH_CLI_API_URL=https://api.cloud.ibexa.co platform project:list` works fine.

Author: > we recommend setting PLATFORMSH_CLI_SESSION_ID as well to ensure there is no conflict between the platform CLI session and ibexa CLI session, so that they can both work fine in parallel.
